Added instructions on updating core_manifest.json and core_ep-list.tsv (#4727)
dotnet/machinelearning: docs/project-docs/developer-guide.md

We only support 64-bit binaries right now.

### Updating manifest and ep-list files

During development, there may arise a need to update the current baseline `core_manifest.json` and/or `core_ep-list.tsv` files. For example, a change in the name or type of a variable in a given class in the API that is not reflected in `core_manifest.json` will trigger the following failure:

`*** Failure: Output and baseline mismatch at line 123 , expected ' ...x... ' but got ' ...y...' : '../Common/EntryPoints/core_manifest.json'`

Steps to update `core_manifest.json` and `core_ep-list.tsv`:
1. Unskip the `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog` unit test in `test/Microsoft.ML.Core.Tests/UnitTests/TestEntryPoints.cs`. This can be done by temporarily commenting out the skip attribute on the unit test for `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog` (`[Fact(Skip = "Execute this test if you want to regenerate the core_manifest and core_ep_list files")]`).

> 2. Run the unit tests `build.cmd -runTests`.

Reviewer: >`build.cmd -runTests`. [](start = 22, length = 22)

Running just the one test (it can be run from Visual Studio) might be faster.

Reviewer 2: Can specific tests also be run from the command-line? That could also speed up the process.

Author: There is the [mstest library](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/ms182489(v=vs.140)?redirectedfrom=MSDN) that supports running C# unit tests through the command-line, but it is no longer maintained in Visual Studio 2019. I think the easiest way is to run the `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog` unit test natively on Visual Studio through its Test Explorer or through shortcuts, which I've now detailed in the developer guide.

We only support 64-bit binaries right now.

### Updating manifest and ep-list files

> During development, there may arise a need to update the current baseline `core_manifest.json` and `core_ep-list.tsv` files.

Reviewer 2: When this is needed, what does the error say? (good for search-ability, and letting users know this is the right fix for their problem)

> This is done through running `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog` in `machinelearning/test/Microsoft.ML.Core.Tests/UnitTests/TestEntryPoints.cs`. This can be done by unskipping `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog`, running `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog`, and then pushing the changes to these files.

Reviewer 2: May want more details to remove room for misunderstandings:
```suggestion
Steps:
1. Unskip the `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog` unit test in `test/Microsoft.ML.Core.Tests/UnitTests/TestEntryPoints.cs`. This can be done by temporarily commenting out the skip attribute on the unit test for `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog` (`[Fact(Skip = "Execute this test if you want to regenerate the core_manifest and core_ep_list files")]`)
2. Run the unit tests (`build.cmd -runTests`)
3. Verify the changes to `core_manifest.json` and `core_ep-list.tsv` are correct
4. Re-enable the skip attribute on the `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog` test
5. Commit the updated `core_manifest.json` and `core_ep-list.tsv` files to your branch
```

Reviewer 2: @ganik : Is the above the recommended method of updating the `core_manifest.json` and `core_ep-list.tsv` files?

Reviewer 3: I think so. This is how I have always done it.

Step 2 - Running all tests - might be unnecessary in cases of a simple rename, only running `RegenerateEntryPointCatalog` would suffice. In other situations, we might want to run all tests, for example if there was also a change in the entrypoint infrastructure.

Should we call this out or is it better to err on the safe side and always run all tests?

Reviewer 4: yes

---
In reply to: [372553266](https://github.com/dotnet/machinelearning/pull/4727#discussion_r372553266) [](ancestors = 372553266)
